grinder-analyzer
================

Grinder Analyzer project (http://track.sourceforge.net/analyzer.html)

This version was forked from version V2.b19 and "Mavenized".  The original version can be found at:

	git://track.git.sourceforge.net/gitroot/track/GrinderAnalyzer

In order to differentiate the versioning, the "Mavenized" version uses the following GAV:

	<dependency>
		<groupId>net.sf.grinder</groupId>
		<artifactId>grinder-analyzer</artifactId>
		<version>2.0.0.b19</version>
	</dependency>

Release Notes
=============

Changes in the V2.b19 version of Grinder Analyzer:

  * support for data generated by The Grinder version 3.11

  * new 'extra' directory, with tools to move your Grinder
    data into Graphite



Changes in the V2.b18 version of Grinder Analyzer:

 * support for data generated by The Grinder version 3.10



Changes in the V2.b17 version of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Support for data generated by The Grinder versions 3.8 and 3.9.1.

 * Fix incorrect display of the "only show summary data" config setting

 * Initial steps moving to new testing framework.



Changes in the V2.b16 vsrsion of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Fix bug where a test with 0 passed transactions might cause
   unhandled exceptions.

 * Support for data generated by The Grinder 3.7.1




Changes in the V2.b15 vsrsion of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Fulfil feature request #3414879 submitted by Chaitra Bhat -- Allow
   graphing and reporting on "All Transactions" only.

 * Support for data generated by The Grinder 3.6



Changes in the V2.b14 version of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Support for data generated by The Grinder 3.5

 * Support for jython 2.5.2

 * Fix Bug #3389176 -- date format settings  (reported by Marcin Waldowski)
 
 * Fulfil feature request #3083172 -- Graph global and per-bucket response time maxima

 * Fulfil feature request #3153779 -- Allow configurable number of RTG decimal places

 * Fulfil feature request #3163650 -- create configurable link to server-side
   perf graphs captured by ScaleHarness or other external tools.

 * Fix bug #3086790 -- Time groupings incorrect with multiple data files

 * Fix bug #3161408 -- Encoding Not always correct (Encode to unicode generated
   .html report)  Bug report and fix submitted by both Rafal and Marcin Waldowski.



Changes in the V2.b13 version of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Fulfil feature request #3153785: Allow GA to run from IDE,
   shell, and scale harness

 * Fulfil feature request #3153777: Response time groupings
   not granular enough

 * Fulfil feature request #3153104: Allow user to display non-default 
   columns (TPS, response errors, etc.)

 * Fix bug #2227309: Give better error msg when table marker not found

 * Fix bug #1927216: Only http-testlogs can be analyzed
 
 * Fix bug #2226622: Number format needs to be configurable

 * Fix bug# 2225536: Summary table stats broken for non-US format 
   logs

 * Fix bug #2219994: Analyzing proxy logs shows hidden tooltip graphs




Changes in the V2.b12 version of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Grinder Analyzer is now compatible with log files generated
   by The Grinder 3.4

 * Much better support for scripts generated with the TCP proxy.
 
 * New response time graphs are included in the generated reports.
   These are stacked graphs showing the percentage of response time
   spent in different areas -- resolve host time, first byte time,
   etc.

 * It is now an option to define response time groups in
   analyzer.properties.  Grinder analyzer will calculate the
   percentage of responses that complete within specified
   time ranges.

 * Fix for bug #2219789 -- In cases where multiple transactions have
   been assigned identical names in the grinder script, append the
   test number to the transaction name to ensure uniqueness and prevent
   graphs from overwriting each other.  Thanks to thomasfal for
   nudging me on this.




Changes in the V2.b11 version of Grinder Analyzer:

 * Fix for bug 2936143 -- Grinder Analyzer is now compatible with
   log files generated by The Grinder 3.3

 * New command-line tool to compare the results of two Grinder runs

 * Fix for bug #2936174 to provide better error message in some cases
   of incorrect command-line invocation.  Thanks to Vishal for finding
   this.